Finalize UG (#396)
AY1920S2-CS2103T-F10-1/main: docs/UserGuide.adoc

// tag::done[]

=== Marking a note as done: `done`

> If a note is no longer relevant for the time being, you can easily mark a it as `done`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marks a `Note` at a specific index from the current note list as `done`.
```
